---
title: Bios/Press
---
# Bios/Press
## 50 words:
**Jobert Leong** is a Hong Kong-born, Vancouver-based tenor trombonist. After studying with Andrew Poirier at the University of British Columbia, Jobert will pursue graduate studies at the Royal Northern College of Music. Jobert performs with orchestras around the Vancouver area, plays the bass sackbut, and gives back through his music.

## 150 words:
**Jobert Leong** is a Vancouver-based tenor trombonist from Hong Kong. Having completed his Bachelor of Music at the University of British Columbia in Canada, where he studied with Andrew Poirier of the Vancouver Symphony Orchestra, Jobert will pursue a Masters of Music at the Royal Northern College of Music in the United Kingdom. Jobert’s repertoire mainly consists of early 20th-century virtuosic trombone works, especially those by Arthur Pryor. Aside from performing with the UBC Symphony Orchestra, the Vancouver Philharmonic Orchestra, and the Chilliwack Symphony Orchestra, Jobert plays the bass sackbut in UBC’s Early Music Ensembles. Jobert is a passionate advocate of giving back through music, primarily by teaching the trombone and performing in charity concerts. In particular, his performances during the Hong Kong Terry Fox Runs have been acknowledged by the Consulate General of Canada in Hong Kong. Jobert ultimately aims to become a doctoral professor.

## 250 words:
**Jobert Leong** is a Vancouver-based tenor trombonist born and raised in Hong Kong. Having recently completed his Bachelor of Music degree in Orchestral Performance at the University of British Columbia in Canada, where he studied with Andrew Poirier of the Vancouver Symphony Orchestra, Jobert will pursue a Masters of Music in Performance at the Royal Northern College of Music in the United Kingdom. Jobert’s repertoire mainly consists of early 20th-century virtuosic trombone works that demonstrate his expressive versatility and technical mastery, particularly Arthur Pryor’s Thoughts of Love, Annie Laurie, and Fantastic Polka. Aside from performing with the UBC Symphony Orchestra and Symphonic Wind Ensemble, the Vancouver Philharmonic Orchestra, and the Chilliwack Symphony Orchestra, Jobert is also well-versed in early music performance practice, and regularly plays the bass sackbut in UBC’s Early Music Ensembles. With his multicultural background, Jobert is a passionate advocate of intercultural exchange through music, and some of his notable engagements in this capacity include playing under the baton of Finland’s Jan Söderblom and a performance with the Stuttgart Academic Symphony Orchestra during their North American tour. Giving back with music is another core component of Jobert’s musical practice, whether through teaching the trombone, performances in various charity concerts, or solo performance during the annual Hong Kong Terry Fox Run, the latter earning him special mentions from the Consulate General of Canada in Hong Kong. After completing his masters studies, Jobert aims to develop a career as a doctoral professor at a university or conservatoire.
